[3.2] docs(barcodes): Revamped Barcodes Overviews (#793)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/barcodes/barcode/overview.md

All graphics are rendered on the client by using [Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/).

## Creating Blazor Barcode

1. Add the `TelerikBarcode` tag to add the component to your razor page.

> 1. Provide `Value` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the `Value` property.
```

</TelerikBarcode>
````

## Encoding

> Encoding represents the mapping between messages and barcodes. [Read more about the supported Blazor Barcode Encodings...]({%slug barcode-encoding%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encoding represents the mapping between messages and barcodes. [Read more about the supported Blazor Barcode Encodings]({%slug barcode-encoding%}).
```

}
````

## Parameters

The Blazor Barcode provides various parameters that allow you to configure the component:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | `RenderAs` | `enum` | Defines the preferred rendering mode - svg/canvas. |

Reviewer: `enum` is not descriptive enough. Also, enums always have a default value that we should specify.

```suggestion
| `RenderAs` | `RenderingMode` enum <br /> `RenderingMode.Svg` | Defines the preferred rendering mode - svg/canvas. |
```

| `Checksum` | `bool` | By setting it to true, the Barcode will display the checksum digit next to the value in the text area. |

> | `Type` | `enum` | Defines the symbology (encoding) the Barcode will use - ([full list of supported encodings]({%slug  barcode-encoding%})) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Type` | `BarcodeType` enum <br /> `Code39` | Defines the symbology (encoding) the Barcode will use - ([full list of supported encodings]({%slug  barcode-encoding%})) |
```

| `Value` | `string` | Defines the initial value of the Barcode. |
| `Width` | `string` | |
| `Height` | `string` | |
| `Class` | `string` | The CSS class that will be rendered on the main wrapping element of the Barcode component. |
| `Background` | `string` | |
| `Color` | `string` | Defines the color of the bar elements. |

### BarcodeText parameters

> The following `BarcodeText` parameters enable you to customize the appearance of the Blazor Barcode text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nested `BarcodeText` tag exposes parameters that customize the appearance of the Blazor Barcode text:
```

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `Color` | `string` | |
| `Font` | `string` | |
| `BarcodeTextMargin` | `object` | |
| `BarcodeTextMargin.Bottom` | `double` | |
| `BarcodeTextMargin.Left` | `double` | |
| `BarcodeTextMargin.Right` | `double` | |
| `BarcodeTextMargin.Top` | `double` | |

> | `Visible` | `bool` | By setting it to false, the Barcode will not display the value as a text below the barcode lines. |

Reviewer: The default value of `bool` is false, so we need to say it's `true` in this case.
```suggestion
| `Visible` | `bool` <br /> `true` | If `false`, the Barcode will not display the value as text below the barcode lines. |
```

### BarcodeBorder parameters

The following `BarcodeBorder` parameters enable you to customize the appearance of the Blazor Barcode border:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `Color` | `string` | |

> | `DashType` | `enum` | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DashType` | `DashType` enum <br /> `Solid`  | |
```
